Speaker 1: Hi Connor. How are things with you today? It's good to be here.
Speaker 2: Hello, I'm glad to see you again. Let's pick up from where we last left off, shall we?
Speaker 1: Sure. I've been reflecting on our previous conversations quite a bit. I'm really thankful we've discussed this before. But honestly, I keep finding myself at work. Unable to focus because my mind is always on this promotion. I've been in the company for a long time now and every time an opportunity comes up, I can't help it. Feel like I'm just going to be passed over. I work with some really great colleagues, but it's frustrating because I don't feel like they're putting in the same level of effort as I do. I give everything I have at work, but maybe I invest too much of myself into it.
Speaker 2: It sounds like you're really committed to your job.
Speaker 1: I am, but it's hard when I sit at my desk, getting distracted, sometimes even watching Netflix when I should be focused, but I know I work hard and I enjoy my work. Crunching numbers all day, I studied for this and I genuinely liked it. However, when I keep getting overlooked for promotions, it makes me question my future here. I put in extra hours, stay late when I need to. And even work on weekends, sometimes though, I really don't want to
Speaker 2: So you feel like your efforts are being acknowledged?
Speaker 1: Exactly. Some co-workers recognize that I go the extra mile but it's still really stressful. The worst part is that I end up bringing that stress home, I get frustrated easily and it's not who I am. I don't want to bring the tension from work into my home life, but it keeps happening. When I come home, I just want to unwind and have a peaceful evening.
Speaker 2: It seems like the stress from your job is bleeding into your personal life, and that's a concern for you.
Speaker 1: Yes, it's becoming a real problem. It wasn't always this way, but lately, when I come home, my husband might ask me to cook dinner. After a long day or my daughter will ask for help with her coloring books. Even though I don't really enjoy coloring, I'll do it. I don't want to sound ungrateful because my family is wonderful. They mean the world to me, but it's just that the stress from work is making it harder to be present at home. I don't want work to negatively affect my home life and at the same time, I don't want my home life to impact my performance at
Speaker 2: work. It sounds like you're trying to find a balance between excelling at work and maintaining Harmony at home.
Speaker 1: That's exactly right. I feel like I need to find new ways to deal with the anxiety. I feel about not getting promoted. I see people who haven't been at the company as long as I have and they're getting promoted in of me. Do you think I'm wrong to feel upset about this?
Speaker 2: I hear a lot of frustration and it sounds like you believe. You've worked hard enough to earn a promotion but it hasn't been acknowledged yet.
Speaker 1: Yes, I'm glad you understand. My husband doesn't always see it the same way and my daughter is too young to grasp what's going on. But it's really helpful to be able to talk about this with someone. I'm not trying to scare you or anything. It's just that this situation is really eating at me. I'm not usually an aggressive person, but I feel like I deserve that promotion. It's frustrating that something as simple as a promotion as having such a big impact on my life.
Speaker 2: It sounds like this is been on your mind for quite a while. Are these sessions, helping you manage it.
Speaker 1: They definitely are. I tend to keep most of these feelings bottled up, but talking it out really helps. I could use some guidance because sometimes it just feels like it's all too much.
Speaker 2: What kind of support would be most helpful for you right now?
Speaker 1: I think I just need some encouragement especially since I don't always get that at home, my husband can be critical of my work sometimes but that's something we need to work on together and my daughter, well, she's just being a kid. But I really value our sessions and I'm already looking forward to the next one.
Speaker 2: I'm glad to hear that. It seems like we've covered a lot today. How about we continue next week? At the same time
Speaker 1: at works for me, I'll take what we discussed and try to apply it at work. Thanks again for listening and for all the advice you've given me.